Add Kafka README for manual testing (#15955)
elastic/beats: metricbeat/module/kafka/README.md

listener.security.protocol.map = INSIDE:SASL_PLAINTEXT,OUTSIDE:SASL_PLAINTEXT
listeners = INSIDE://localhost:9091,OUTSIDE://0.0.0.0:9092
advertised.listeners = INSIDE://localhost:9091,OUTSIDE://localhost:32778
listener.security.protocol.map = INSIDE:SASL_PLAINTEXT,OUTSIDE:SASL_PLAINTEXT
listeners = INSIDE://localhost:9091,OUTSIDE://0.0.0.0:9092
```

So here in this example the host we should in the module's config is `localhost:32778`.
Note that this is different between MAC and Linux machines. The above is the case for the MAC machine, and here is how 
the respective address for a LINUX machine should look like:

```console
advertised.listeners = INSIDE://localhost:9091,OUTSIDE://172.26.0.2:9092
listener.security.protocol.map = INSIDE:SASL_PLAINTEXT,OUTSIDE:SASL_PLAINTEXT
listeners = INSIDE://localhost:9091,OUTSIDE://0.0.0.0:9092
advertised.listeners = INSIDE://localhost:9091,OUTSIDE://172.26.0.2:9092
listener.security.protocol.map = INSIDE:SASL_PLAINTEXT,OUTSIDE:SASL_PLAINTEXT
listeners = INSIDE://localhost:9091,OUTSIDE://0.0.0.0:9092
```

So here the advertised addressed to be used in the config is `172.26.0.2:9092`.

> This difference comes from here: https://github.com/elastic/beats/blob/master/libbeat/tests/compose/wrapper.go#L137

Reviewer: Please use a fixed version in this URL in case this code is moved.
```suggestion
This difference comes from here: https://github.com/elastic/beats/blob/v7.5.2/libbeat/tests/compose/wrapper.go#L137
```

```console
707b50334835    docker.elastic.co/integrations-ci/beats-kafka:2.1.1-2  "/run.sh"        2 minutes ago    Up 2 minutes (healthy)  2181/tcp, 0.0.0.0:32785->8774/tcp, 0.0.0.0:32784->8775/tcp, 0.0.0.0:32783->8779/tcp, 0.0.0.0:32782->9092/tcp  kafka_a035cf4c6889705a_kafka_1
```

In order to identify to which port the Broker is listening on one should check in the logs of the container and find 
the advertised address:

```console
docker logs 707b50334835 > kafka_logs
cat kafka_logs | grep OUTSIDE

advertised.listeners = INSIDE://localhost:9091,OUTSIDE://localhost:32778
listener.security.protocol.map = INSIDE:SASL_PLAINTEXT,OUTSIDE:SASL_PLAINTEXT
listeners = INSIDE://localhost:9091,OUTSIDE://0.0.0.0:9092
advertised.listeners = INSIDE://localhost:9091,OUTSIDE://localhost:32778
listener.security.protocol.map = INSIDE:SASL_PLAINTEXT,OUTSIDE:SASL_PLAINTEXT
listeners = INSIDE://localhost:9091,OUTSIDE://0.0.0.0:9092
```

So here in this example the host we should in the module's config is `localhost:32778`.
Note that this is different between MAC and Linux machines. The above is the case for the MAC machine, and here is how 

> the respective address for a LINUX machine should look like:

Reviewer: This difference comes from here: https://github.com/elastic/beats/blob/master/libbeat/tests/compose/wrapper.go#L137

This was needed before moving the metricbeat docker used in CI to host network, we can maybe remove this now if it complicates things.

Author: Added this in the doc-file itself for reference.
